I guess it’s something like this. How far along are you two?
Hmm, I guess it’s okay.
I’m making pretty good progress.
I just found the right article!
What are you doing? A report?
Yes, I am writing a report on basic data science!
Did you take this class? The teacher said this class was
recently introduced.
Data Science. I think a course was introduced in my year.
It was rather tricky because of the group work,
but I got the credit. What kind of assignment do you have?
It’s an assignment like analyzing a case study of the use of data
and AI and discussing the social changes it brings about.
It isn’t easy to analyze. Do you think it’s okay like this?
Let me see.
This is...
Senior. I’m very confident about mine, so please take a look.
I found a topic about using data analysis in soccer
to strengthen teams.
Hmmm...
What do you think of mine?
I see. It sounds pretty well written, but...
Is there something you are concerned about?
I’m a bit concerned about the “citations” from all three of you.
What’s wrong with my report?
I’m trying to tweak parts of the citations now.
I was aware of the citations I wrote...am I wrong?
All of you seem to have your own problems.
Why?